# ICON P-Rep Community Meeting #2

Date: 2020-03-07 11:00 PM UTC

Attendees: 

# Meeting Main Topics

* I think It would be great if we talk about Consensus and give a quick overview of the amount of teams participating and what are the plans
* what can we do to improve vote stagnancy. Motivate #ICONist to not just vote and forget but to be more involve in the community and delegate to active teams
* Given what happened with the STEEM community how are we prepare for an scenario such as that, what is stopping letâ€™s say Binance to create a node self vote and basically control the network, but this point is better to be discussed after the release of IISS 3.0.
